doc: updating style guide (#5074)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/doc_styleguide.rst

* Do not repeat the section name in the titles of subpages, such as *sample* when adding a sample.

Table of contents
=================

If your page uses sections, add the ``.. contents::`` directive just under the page title.
This will add a clickable table of contents at the top of the page.

For easy navigation, do not include a table of contents if the page has a list of subpages.

Subpages
========

Use the ``.. toctree::`` directive at the bottom of a page to list pages that are located further down in the hierarchy.
For example, the :ref:`documentation` page has a list of subpages, which includes this very page you are reading.

For clarity of structure, pages with the subpages section must not contain heading-based sections or a table of contents.

Linking
=======

You can use different linking and inclusion methods, depending on the content you want to link to.

Hyperlinks
----------

All external links must be defined in the :file:`links.txt` file.
Do not define them directly in the RST file.
The reason for this is to allow for validating all links in one central location and to make it easy to update breaking links.

> Each link should be defined only once in :file:`links.txt`, so if you are adding a new link, make sure it hasn't already been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each link should be defined only once in :file:`links.txt`, so if you are adding a new link, make sure it has not already been added.
```

The doxygen documentation is not automatically included in RST.
Therefore, every group must be explicitly added to an RST file.

> The `Breathe documentation`_ contains information about what you can link to.

Reviewer: You might want to say something about the example below.

    * @}
    */

Functions
=========

#. Do not use ``@fn``. Instead, document each function where it is defined.
#. ``@brief`` is mandatory.

   * Start the brief with the "do sth" form.

     .. code-block:: none

        /** @brief Request a read operation to be executed from Secure Firmware.

        /** @brief Send Boot Keyboard Input Report.

#. ``@details`` is optional.
   It can be introduced either by using ``@details`` or by leaving a blank line after ``@brief``.
#. ``@param`` should be used for every parameter.

   * Always add a parameter description.
     Use a sentence fragment (no verb) with period at the end.
   * Make sure the parameter documentation within the function is consistently using the parameter type: ``[in]``, ``[out]``, or ``[in,out]``.

     .. code-block:: none

        * @param[out] destination Pointer to destination array where the content is
        *                         to be copied.
        * @param[in]  addr        Address to be copied from.
        * @param[in]  len         Number of bytes to copy.

#. If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them this way::

      @sa first_function
      @sa second_function

> #. Do not user ``@returns``, use ``return`` or ``retval`` instead.

Reviewer: This needs a blank line before the bullet.

        * @param[in]  addr        Address to be copied from.
        * @param[in]  len         Number of bytes to copy.

#. If you include more than one ``@sa`` ("see also", optional), add them this way::

      @sa first_function
      @sa second_function

#. ``@return`` should be used to describe a generic return value without a specific value (for example, "@return The length of ...", "@return The handle").
   There is usually only one return value.

   .. code-block:: none

      *  @return  Initializer that sets up the pipe, length, and byte array for
      *           content of the TX data.

#. ``@retval`` should be used for specific return values (for example, "@retval true", "@retval CONN_ERROR").

>    Describe the condition for each of the return values (for example, "If the function completes successfully", "If the connection cannot be established").

Author: I think these two, and the bullet point following these (lines 481-501/251-271), could be combined to one bullet point how to format the return, with the current ``@return`` and ``@retval`` as sub-bullets for it.
